[Autogenerated] in this demonstration,
whether it be deploying an age West Transit gateway,
we're then gonna use resource access Manager to share that.
A dress transit gateway with another a dress account.
Throughout this demonstration,
we're gonna be working with the Aid West Consul on
full along this demonstration, you'll need an aide Wes account.
I'm back in the Old West Consul in the VPC dashboard.
But this time in the island region, if I scroll down a bit,
I'll bet find the transit Gateway section from that section I choose
transit gateways and then to create turns to get where I select create
transit Gateway kind of a standard farm here.
So you fill in the name and description and then if I scroll down a little bit,
I could see the rest of the transit gateway configuration.
All of these settings are there defaults?
We can choose to find out on autonomous system number.
I'll leave axe default saying,
which is using the autonomous sister number that's been
assigned to the glove manning three p.
C.
DNF.
Support is enabled, as is equal cost multipath ruin.
We could also see that the default route Table Bay So civil No, attachments.
I would default route table propagation enabled.
It means dynamics is en route from attachments will
be shared with the default table.
The one option not selected is the option to
automatically accept attachment requests from VP.
Sees another account.
I'm gonna take.
This option would have been selected.
I choose Create transit Gateway.
It'll take a few minutes to create the tons of get where I once created.
We should see the state as girl from pending too available.
Now that we could see that transit gateways available,
let's create some transit gateway attachments.
So if I select transit gateway attachments and then
create transit gateway attachment,
the first time I need to do is choose the transit gateway that
we're trying to create attachment with and then cite the type of
attachment vpc VPN appear in connection.
We would use pairing connection.
It won't appear a pair of transit gateways in different regions.
This allows the pair of transit gateways to stop
ruining formation of each other.
Ah normally route traffic between the two different regions.
We collect VPN If we wanted our transit Gateway to collect
on premise device using site site VI pin collection with the
veep in example Transit Gate,
where your place is our virtual private gateways We're gonna quit
VPC attachment So if we leave VPC selected,
I would give the touch with the name we choose.
We want d N s support on I p six apart for this attachment And then in the
V p c i d section we select the VPC we want to create attachment with and
he can see the globe Mannix Island vpc so well slept that now he's like to
the VPC We scroll down a little bit.
We construct the sub nets that we want to use this attachment
here I can leave all three sub net selected.
I can disable this of nights that I do not want to use attachment
I'm halfway this sofa scroll down a little bit more I can say great
attachment He'll take a minute or two to create the attachment But
once the attachment is ready, its status should say available.
I'll add a couple more VPC attachments.
Here we can see three attachments with the attachment the Globe Mannix VPC
selected and all three attachments are available If I select transit
gateway route tables and then slit the roots tab.
Here you can see three routes in the root table,
one for each of our VPC attachments.
These roots were propagated,
which means they were shared their roots able from the attachments.
If we click on the propagation is Tab,
we can see a list of the attacks once that proper get in
their roots with this default route table.
Remember,
Route Propagation was one of the options we left selected
when we created the transit gateway.
Now,
although the attachments are propagated their routes to the
shared roots able in the transit gateway,
you'll find the VPC route tables might not being updated.
If I select one of mine VPC route tables,
I expect to the root table for the globe.
Mannix VPC.
If I say edit roots here, we just have the local rue entry.
If I say I drew,
I can add a route that sends all 17 to 16 traffic to the transit gateway.
I don't need to add a route for eat to the side of blocks that conferred
on the VP sees they're attached to our transit gateway.
If I'm happy, my roots, I say save roots.
I will now need to go to the root tables off.
The VP sees that attached to my transit gateway update their route tables.
The final feel want to show you here, then,
is the ability to share our transit gateways between AWS accounts.
So we'll leave the VPC dashboard on go to remote access Manager.
This is remarks manager and from here, I can select create a result share.
We provide a name and set the type of results I want to
share in our case Transit Gateway.
We choose the friends of Gateway from the list.
Then if I scroll down,
we can choose who you want to share this transit gateway with No,
it's a tick box here that allows it to share the
transit gate with external accounts.
So if I knew your 12 digit account, I d.
I could share this transit gateway with you in this model with disgust,
Dennis and hybrid network environment.
We've discussed him, worked with groups of three traffic policies.
I'm a disgusting worked with ADA West Transit Gateway in our next
module will be discussing aid us manage site site V,
p N's and two other technologies cloud hope on client VPN endpoints. So join me there and we'll continue on our Head West Hybrid networking journey